Add libtorch updates to newsletter (#20892)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/newsletter/2022_04.md

for a complete description of all MOOSE changes.
!alert-end!

> ## MOOSE Supports Scientific Machine Learning using C++ API of Pytorch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PyTorch Support
```

> MOOSE can now be configured to compile with libtorch (C++ back end of Pytorch). This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MOOSE can now be configured to compile with LibTorch (the C++ back end of Pytorch). This
```

allows the utilization of neural networks for scientific machine learning
directly in MOOSE and consequently in MOOSE-based applications.

> For the installation istructions, click [here](getting_started/installation/install_libtorch.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the installation instructions, click [here](getting_started/installation/install_libtorch.md).
```

More information on the utilization of artificial neural networks can be found here:
[LibtorchArtificialNeuralNet.md].

Known limitations of the MOOSE-libtorch coupling:
- It only supports serial neural net training

> - It only support CPU-based training

Reviewer: The MOOSE-LibTorch coupling only supports serial neural net training and does not support GPU-based training.

> Known limitations of the MOOSE-libtorch coupling:
> - It only supports serial neural net training
> - It only support CPU-based training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MOOSE-LibTorch coupling only supports serial neural net training and does not support GPU-based training.
```
